fix: run `reroute` in a middleware function before split functions (#16590)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/25-build-and-deploy/90-adapter-vercel.md

Projects created before a certain date may default to using an older Node version than what SvelteKit currently requires. You can [change the Node version in your project settings](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/functions/serverless-functions/runtimes/node-js#node.js-version).

### Individual functions and `reroute`

> If the `split` option is set to `true` for a route, or at the adapter level, the [`reroute`](hooks#reroute) function will be deployed as a middleware that runs before any individual function.

Reviewer: is this right, or does it also apply to apps that are implicitly split because of differing configs?

Author: Yeah, the latter; as long as there's more than one function

> If the `split` option is set to `true` for a route, or at the adapter level, the [`reroute`](hooks#reroute) function will be deployed as a middleware that runs before any individual function.

Author: ```suggestion
When deploying multiple serverless functions, the [`reroute`](hooks#reroute) hook will be deployed as a middleware that runs before any individual function.
```

> If the `split` option is set to `true` for a route, or at the adapter level, the [`reroute`](hooks#reroute) function will be deployed as an edge middleware that runs before any individual function.

Author: ```suggestion
If the `split` option is set to `true` for a route, or at the adapter level, the [`reroute`](hooks#reroute) function will be deployed as a middleware that runs before any individual function.
```
